[Feat] expand docs: explain 1000-rec order limit (#161)
libremfg/rhize-docs: content/how-to/gql/query.md

### Order

{{< notice "caution" >}}

Ordered queries **return only the first 1000 records of the ordered field.**

> This cause surprising omissions, especially if you combine `order` with a [`@cascade`]({{< relref "filter#cascade" >}}) filter in a nested field.

Author: ```suggestion
This behavior might exclude records that you expect, especially if you combine `order` with a [`@cascade`]({{< relref "filter#cascade" >}}) filter in a nested field.
```
